PR for Dev review (#68)
nathanaelhoun/mattermost-plugin-circleci: README.md

[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/nathanaelhoun/mattermost-plugin-circleci)](https://github.com/nathanaelhoun/mattermost-plugin-circleci/releases/latest)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/nathanaelhoun/mattermost-plugin-circleci)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/nathanaelhoun/mattermost-plugin-circleci)
[![Mattermost Community Channel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Mattermost%20Community-~Plugin%3A%20CircleCI-blue)](https://community.mattermost.com/core/channels/plugin-circleci)

A [Mattermost Plugin](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/) for [CircleCI](https://circleci.com) to interact with jobs, builds or workflows and receive notifications in Mattermost channels.

This plugin uses the CircleCI Orb for Mattermost Plugin by **[@nathanaelhoun](https://github.com/nathanaelhoun)**: [check it out here](https://github.com/nathanaelhoun/circleci-orb-mattermost-plugin-notify).

## Table of Contents

-   [Audience](#audience)
-   [About the CircleCI Plugin](#about-the-circleci-plugin)
-   [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)

> -   [Installation instructions](#installation-instructions)

Author: Same as above for capitalization consistency.

```suggestion
-   [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
```

-   [Configuration](#configuration)
-   [Onboarding Your Users](#onboarding-your-users)
-   [Slash Commands](#slash-commands)
    -   [Overview](#overview)
    -   [Subscribe to webhooks notifications](#subscribe-to-webhooks-notifications)
    -   [Approve a workflow from Mattermost](#approve-a-workflow-from-mattermost)
    -   [Manage environment variables](#manage-environment-variables)
    -   [Get insights of your projects](#get-insights-of-your-projects)
-   [Frequently Asked Questions](#frequently-asked-questions)
-   [License](#license)
-   [Contributing](#contributing)
-   [Thanks to](#thanks-to)
-   [Security Vulnerability Disclosure](#security-vulnerability-disclosure)

![Mattermost plugin CircleCI in action](./docs/trigger-pipeline-and-get-notifications.gif)

## Audience

This guide is intended for Mattermost System Admins setting up the CircleCI plugin and Mattermost users who want information about the plugin functionality. For more information about contributing to this plugin, visit the [Development section](#development).

## About the CircleCI Plugin

> The Mattermost CircleCI plugin uses a personal API token to connect your Mattermost account to CircleCI to interact with the API.

Author: This is just a rewording suggestion.
```suggestion
The Mattermost CircleCI plugin interacts with CircleCI via a personal API token.
```

After your System Admin has [configured the CircleCI plugin](#configuration), run `/circleci account connect` in a Mattermost channel to connect your Mattermost and CircleCI accounts.

Once connected, you'll have access to the following features:

> -   **Pipeline and workflow management** - Get informations about pipelines or workflows or triggering new ones

Author: rewording suggestion
```suggestion
-   **Pipeline and workflow management** - Get information or trigger new pipelines and workflows
```

> -   **Workflows notifications** - Receive worflows notifications directly in your Mattermost channel, including their status

Author: I think the pluralization of `workflow` can be removed. Also a spelling correction.
```suggestion
-   **Workflow notifications** - Receive workflow notifications directly in your Mattermost channel, including their status
```

-   **Slash commands** - Interact with the CircleCI plugin using the `/circleci` slash command. Read more about slash commands [here](#slash-commands).

## Prerequisites

This guide assumes you have:

-   A project, hosted on github.com or bitbucket.org,
-   A CircleCI SaaS account, which has access to the projects/org you want to interact with,

> -   A Mattermost server running v5.12 or higher, with a configured [Site URL](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html?highlight=site%20url#site-url). v5.24 or higher is recommended to have the autocomplete feature.

Author: nitpick: unnecessary commas
```suggestion
-   A project hosted on github.com or bitbucket.org
-   A CircleCI SaaS account which has access to the projects/org you want to interact with
-   A Mattermost server running v5.12 or higher with a configured [Site URL](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html?highlight=site%20url#site-url). v5.24 or higher is recommended to have the autocomplete feature.
```

> ## Installation instructions

Author: All other Heading 2 markdown headings capitalize all words.  This would make all consistant.
```suggestion
## Installation Instructions
```

1. Go to the [releases page of this Github repository](https://github.com/nathanaelhoun/mattermost-plugin-circleci/releases) and download the latest release for your Mattermost server.
2. Upload this file in the Mattermost System Console under **System Console > Plugins > Management** to install the plugin. To learn more about how to upload a plugin, [see the documentation](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/plugins.html#plugin-uploads).

> 3. Activate the plugin at **System Console > Plugins > Management**.

Author: nit: Enable is the term used in the system console.

```suggestion
3. Enable the plugin at **System Console > Plugins > Management**.
```

## Configuration

### Step 1: Configure the Bot account in Mattermost

If you have an existing Mattermost user account with the name `circleci`, the plugin will post using the `circleci` account but without a `BOT` tag.

To prevent this, either:

-   Convert the `circleci` user to a bot account by running `mattermost user convert circleci --bot` in the CLI, or:
-   If the user is an existing user account you want to preserve, change its username and restart the Mattermost server. Once restarted, the plugin will create a bot account with the name `circleci`.

### Step 2: Configure the plugin in Mattermost

**Generate the keys**

Open **System Console > Plugins > CircleCI**:

> -   Generate a new value for **Webhooks Secret**(NOTE: Please re-generate webhook secret if it contains "/".)

Author: Maybe we can add validation to the field so a user cannot save if a "/" is included.

Even better, we should figure out why this is happening and prevent the generator from including a "/"

Reviewer: Issue #45 is about this problem. The `/` character confuses the server router and the webhook never arrive.  Among the solutions raised in the linked discussion in Community server, my favourite is to generate the token without a `/`. I haven't looked how to do it yet.

-   Generate a new value for **At Rest Encryption Key**.

> -   Hit **Save**.

Author: nit: prefer click to hit :) 
```suggestion
-   Click **Save**.
```

> -   Go to **System Console > Plugins > Management** and click **Enable** to enable the CircleCI plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Go to **System Console > Plugins > Management** and select **Enable** to enable the CircleCI plugin.
```

You're all set!

## Onboarding Your Users

When you’ve tested the plugin and confirmed it’s working, notify your team so they can connect their CircleCI account to Mattermost and get started. Copy and paste the text below, edit it to suit your requirements, and send it out.

> > Hi team,

Author: I love that y'all have included this section :)

>
> We've set up the Mattermost CircleCI plugin, so you can get notifications from CircleCI in Mattermost. To get started, run the `/circleci account connect` slash command from any channel within Mattermost to connect your Mattermost account with CircleCI. Then, take a look at the [slash commands](#slash-commands) section for details about how to use the plugin.

## Slash Commands

### Overview

By default, the commands use the project set by `/circleci config`, unless a specific project is specified by the argument `--project <vcs/org-name/project-name>` (possible on all commands)

```
Connect to your CircleCI account:

>     - /circleci account view                — Get informations about yourself

Author: nit: unnecessary pluralization of word
```suggestion
    - /circleci account view                — Get information about yourself
```

    - /circleci account connect <API token> — Connect your Mattermost account to CircleCI
    - /circleci account disconnect          — Disconnect your Mattermost account from CircleCI

Set your default project:
    - /circleci default                             — View your currently configured default project
    - /circleci default [vcs/org-name/project-name] — Set new default project by passing value in the form <vcs/org-name/project-name>

Subscribe your channel to notifications:
    - /circleci subscription list               — List the CircleCI subscriptions for the current channel
    - /circleci subscription add [--flags]      — Subscribe the current channel to CircleCI notifications for a project
    - /circleci subscription remove [--flags]   — Unsubscribe the current channel to CircleCI notifications for a project

>     - /circleci subscription list-channels      — List all channels in the current team subscribed to a project

Author: ```suggestion
Subscribe your channel to project notifications:
    - /circleci subscription list               — List the CircleCI subscriptions for the current channel
    - /circleci subscription add [--flags]      — Subscribe the current channel to CircleCI notifications
    - /circleci subscription remove [--flags]   — Unsubscribe the current channel to CircleCI notifications
    - /circleci subscription list-channels      — List all channels in the current team subscribed
```
rewording suggestion to remove redundant (for a project) comments

Author: Please review this request for all occurrences in the readme and slash command help text.

> Get Insights about workflows and jobs:

Author: unnecessary capitalization
```suggestion
Get insights about workflows and jobs:
```
Let's keep the same capitalization nomenclature throughout

    - /circleci insight workflows               - Get summary of metrics for workflows over past 90 days for a given project
    - /circleci insight jobs <workflow name>    - Get summary of metrics for jobs over past 90 days for a given workflow

Manage CircleCI projects:
    - /circleci project list-followed           — List followed projects
    - /circleci project recent-build <branch>   — List the 10 last builds for a project
    - /circleci project env list                — List a masked environment variables for a project
    - /circleci project env add name value      — Add an environment variable for a project

>     - /circleci project env remove name         — Remove an environment variable from a project

Author: ```suggestion
Manage CircleCI projects:
    - /circleci project list-followed           — List followed projects
    - /circleci project recent-build <branch>   — List the 10 last project builds
    - /circleci project env list                — List masked project environment variables
    - /circleci project env add name value      — Add a project environment variable
    - /circleci project env remove name         — Remove a project environment variable
```
For this section, I think we can remove all "for a project" text or add project as a descriptive word  (Example. project environment variable)

We could also remove project where I've added it because the command is literally `/circleci project`

Author: In general, I think all references of "for a project" could be removed.  Especially if this is a terminology that is well known in circleCI.
